---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "googleworkspace_chrome_policy_schemas Data Source - terraform-provider-googleworkspace"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Chrome Policy Schemas data source in the Terraform Googleworkspace provider. Chrome Policy Schemas resides under the https://www.googleapis.com/auth/chrome.management.policy client scope.
---

# googleworkspace_chrome_policy_schemas (Data Source)

Chrome Policy Schemas data source in the Terraform Googleworkspace provider. Chrome Policy Schemas resides under the `https://www.googleapis.com/auth/chrome.management.policy` client scope.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "googleworkspace_chrome_policy_schemas" "example" {
  filter = "chrome.printers"
}

output "num_schemas" {
  value = length(data.googleworkspace_chrome_policy_schemas.example.policy_schemas)
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filter` (String) The schema filter used to find a particular schema based on fields like its resource name, description and `additionalTargetKeyNames`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `policy_schemas` (List of Object) A list of Chrome Policy Schema resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policy_schemas))

<a id="nestedatt--policy_schemas"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policy_schemas`

Read-Only:

- `access_restrictions` (List of String) Specific access restrictions related to this policy.
- `additional_target_key_names` (List of Object) Additional key names that will be used to identify the target of the policy value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--policy_schemas--additional_target_key_names))
- `definition` (List of Object) Schema definition using proto descriptor. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--policy_schemas--definition))
- `field_descriptions` (String) Detailed description of each field that is part of the schema, represented as a JSON string.
- `notices` (List of Object) Special notice messages related to setting certain values in certain fields in the schema. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--policy_schemas--notices))
- `policy_description` (String) Description about the policy schema for user consumption.
- `schema_name` (String) The full qualified name of the policy schema.
- `support_uri` (String) URI to related support article for this schema.

<a id="nestedobjatt--policy_schemas--additional_target_key_names"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policy_schemas.additional_target_key_names`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String)
- `key_description` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--policy_schemas--definition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policy_schemas.definition`

Read-Only:

- `enum_type` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--policy_schemas--definition--enum_type))
- `message_type` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `package` (String)
- `syntax` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--policy_schemas--definition--enum_type"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policy_schemas.definition.enum_type`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String)
- `value` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--policy_schemas--definition--enum_type--value))

<a id="nestedobjatt--policy_schemas--definition--enum_type--value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policy_schemas.definition.enum_type.value`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String)
- `number` (Number)



<a id="nestedobjatt--policy_schemas--notices"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policy_schemas.notices`

Read-Only:

- `acknowledgement_required` (Boolean)
- `field` (String)
- `notice_message` (String)
- `notice_value` (String)
