---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "googleworkspace_org_units Data Source - terraform-provider-googleworkspace"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Org Units data source in the Terraform Googleworkspace provider. Org Units resides under the https://www.googleapis.com/auth/admin.directory.orgunit client scope.
---

# googleworkspace_org_units (Data Source)

Org Units data source in the Terraform Googleworkspace provider. Org Units resides under the `https://www.googleapis.com/auth/admin.directory.orgunit` client scope.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "googleworkspace_org_units" "all" {
  type = "ALL"
}

output "num_org_units" {
  value = length(data.googleworkspace_org_units.all.org_units)
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- **org_unit_path** (String) The full path to the organizational unit or its unique ID. Returns the children of the specified organizational unit.
- **type** (String) Whether to return all sub-organizations or just immediate children. Valid values are `ALL`, `CHILDREN`, and `ALL_INCLUDING_PARENT`. Defaults to `CHILDREN`.

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **org_units** (List of Object) A list of Org Unit resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--org_units))

<a id="nestedatt--org_units"></a>
### Nested Schema for `org_units`

Read-Only:

- **block_inheritance** (Boolean) Determines if a sub-organizational unit can inherit the settings of the parent organization. False means a sub-organizational unit inherits the settings of the nearest parent organizational unit. For more information on inheritance and users in an organization structure, see the [administration help center](https://support.google.com/a/answer/4352075).
- **description** (String) Description of the organizational unit.
- **etag** (String) ETag of the resource.
- **name** (String) The organizational unit's path name. For example, an organizational unit's name within the /corp/support/sales_support parent path is sales_support.
- **org_unit_id** (String) The unique ID of the organizational unit.
- **org_unit_path** (String) The full path to the organizational unit.
- **parent_org_unit_id** (String) The unique ID of the parent organizational unit.
- **parent_org_unit_path** (String) The organizational unit's parent path. For example, /corp/sales is the parent path for /corp/sales/sales_support organizational unit.
